Good evening, everybody.
How are you doing?
Good.
Thank you for making time in space.
We'll talk a little bit about our relationship and our friendship.
But in a lot of ways, this is just a beautiful gift to share what the life has been like between us for the last 12 or so years.
And oftentimes, what starts out as a stranger or a neighbor has a potential to turn into a family and even more than friends.
And so I believe that our dynamic is simply sharing with the bride what kinship can really look like and may it be a prophetic gift to the body to invite each other into the same spaces.
So with that, I just wanna ask some questions to my brother and one of my dearest friends in the world, Kevin Chandler.
So Kevin, can you give us a little backdrop or a little story of how you came and met Jesus?
Yeah, hi guys, by the way.
Great to see all of you here.
So when I was six years old, I had spent at that point six years in the church and been around knowing who Jesus was.
My dad was Adigen.
My mom basically ran the Sunday school program and I was around it.
But when I was six years old,
thought, I'm going to go over this way.
So the podium is sitting there.
There we go.
But I thought that I should be able to wrap my head around to turn at me and, you know, because that's a normal thing.
I tried to do that with my daughter and tried to teach her on the Trinity.
I watched everything fall out of her head.
Yeah.
And so I was having trouble sleeping because I was like, spending forever somewhere and not ending.
That's just weird.
And my dad, who knows me better than most, he sat me down on his bed, and instead of trying to explain the attorney to me, he introduced me to Jesus as the person I could spend the attorney to be with.
And so that's when my personal walk with him began, and I would just say over the years with, you know,
hospital stays and surgeries and friends coming and going and relationships and physical challenges and Jesus has been the constant, which is something we can get more into at some point.
But I've been asked a lot in my life, like, have you ever been angry at God for being a wheelchair, for me being a wheelchair, not God.
Although there is a verse about his throne having a real, so.
But my response to that is I actually haven't, just because he has been the constant.
He has been the one person who has not failed me.
And that's something I'm so thankful for.
Yeah, I think in light of that too, you tell stories regularly about how he
is your secure identity and has produced a wholeness in you that doesn't feel like there's a lack.
And I remember there's one story from your backpacking years where you're, I think, in Italy.
France.
Similar.
There was a lot of spaces you were in.
Yeah.
Same saying, sorry.
No, and you had people constantly wanting to pray for you because of what they saw.
And can you tell a little bit about that?
Yeah, so in 2016,
Some friends and I decided that we wanted to go to Europe and everything we wanted to do was not going to be wheelchair accessible.
So we decided to leave my wheelchair at home and these friends carried me in the backpacks that you saw Eric carrying me in yesterday.
And imagine that for three weeks with no safety net.
We had four different guys trading off throughout the day carrying me.
And yeah, we had an experience where this group wanted to pray for my healing.
And it really upset me because I was like, I've spent my whole life being approached like this.
But I'm not in my wheelchair.
Up until then, my friends and I had seen this as the miracle.
And so it really kind of messed me up.
And some of that conversation was, well, I'm praying that you have the faith to be healed.
And something that came back to me from Peter's first letter.
I think it's at the end of chapter one or beginning of chapter two, he refers to
the outcome of your faith.
And he says that the outcome of your faith is the salvation of your soul.
And I was like, wow, I got that, you know?
And this all that night really wrestling that out with the Lord and that wrestling turning into a dance of being reminded that I am his and that my soul is securing him and that's
That's what matters.
Yeah, man, I get to see that.
A real up close and personal basis through our time together.
But can you explain a little bit more about these friendships?
I think they're unique and they're special and may be different than the way in which we've seen this conversation.
Yeah, so a lot of people get to see those four friends through photos and videos and books.
and stuff, these guys carrying me on their back.
But really, that's kind of the extreme, you know, high flying adventure side of it.
And in the everyday life, I don't use a backpack every day, as you might wonder.
But I have maybe like eight or 10 guys out of time that are
cycling through my day to day and being part of what we call my caregiving.
So we have a different guy come every morning and get me up and ready for the day and Katie and I just don't know where she is.
Oh, there you are.
We just celebrated our five-year writing anniversary this weekend.
And so things have
changed a bit since being married.
But before I was married, I lived with a couple of guys and then they helped with taking care of me.
And then throughout the week, we'd have different guys come and get me up or stay overnight or hang out during the day and had a coffee shop.
Then they hung out at that had a bunch of guys working that could help out as well.
And it was really just this awesome community of just weaving together our lives.
And it wasn't just to make my life possible, but really worth living in some ways, like these relationships were and are so rich.
And Eric has been a part of that as well.
And now being married,
We still have guys coming to get me up in the morning and we also There's a lot of responsibilities that You know taking care of our home that I can't physically do and so these guys actually step in and are in that way kind of part of our marriage and part of my role as a husband to fix this or you know take care of this thing or run this area and
I get to do those things because of them, which has been a really cool experience.
Even just making the bed, you know, we were talking earlier about how every guy that gets me up in the morning makes the bed differently, but they're making the bed.
You tell a lot about that.
You tell a lot about someone.
Yeah.
But through these friendships, it's, you know, I've found and we'll get more into this when we talk more about
Eric and I in our friendship, but what starts as an invitation to take care of my needs becomes a deeper friendship, deeper relationship and brotherhood in which I get to care for them as well, because as my needs are being met, I don't have to worry about those.
Instead, I get to turn all my attention and focus
on to them.
I don't have to self-advocate or self-care.
I can completely abandon myself and put them first, which as we'll talk about later, the Bible talks a lot about putting others first.
Yeah, man.
And I think something that everybody wants to know about you and Katie is how did you guys meet?
Because your love story is pretty spectacular.
Yeah.
Well, we have how long?
I'll tell the very short version.
I mean, don't be too short about it, but I'm right.
Right, yeah.
So as I mentioned, the guys and I went to Europe and coming out of Europe, we were trying to figure out where we wanted to go next.
And we decided in 2018 that we would go to China.
And part of our trip to China was to
actually stay at an orphanage for kids with disabilities and that opportunity was so that we could encourage the staff and play with the kids and so we took some bunk beds there for a week and just did life with them which was really cool and Katie was working there at the time and so
We met there.
She was, last minute, put in charge of keeping us out of trouble.
And if she was up here, she would add as long as we both shall live.
And so we met then.
And because she was in charge of us, we had a whole week of getting to know each other and hanging out.
But she saw the guys
you know, throwing me around and putting me on their backs and everything, no wheelchair.
And so she thought, oh, Kevin's really cool, but I can't do that.
And so, and I was just worried about one of the other guys falling in love with a girl and not coming home.
So I wasn't even thinking about myself here, but at the end of that visit, I turned to
My friend Ben, we got in the van and I turned to him and I said, I've never met anyone like her.
And being boys, we were like, huh.
Anyway, you know, we've done my time.
And oh, that's a cool song on the radio, you know.
But we stayed in touch for the next few months and got to talk a few times on the phone and invited each other into
some deeper things that were going on in our separate lives.
And it came to a point where a mutual friend of ours in the state had noticed that whenever we would each talk to her, we were talking about each other all the time.
And so she came to me and said, have you ever thought about asking anyone out?
It's like, yeah, of course.
And she said, I think you should ask Katie out.
And it was then that I realized that that's what I had wanted the whole time.
And so, the next time we were, well, I took a month to pray about it, because she was in China.
Side note, right?
And so next time we texted at the end of that month, I said, by the way, could I take you out to dinner next time we're in the same country?
And she said, yes.
And do I keep going?
Yeah, I feel like.
OK. That's the new book.
So we'll just wait.
No, no.
It's in the book.
It's there.
But yeah, so I had done some other speaking overseas.
And so she said, well, I'm going to be in Australia in September.
Just around the corner.
If you happen to be speaking there, let me know.
And I wasn't, but all I heard was the yes.
And so I called my dad and a good friend of mine that had gone on the other trips and said, would you guys go to Australia with me?
And so I called her and said, I'm there.
I'm like, I want to go.
And so September we met.
September of 2018 in China, September of 2019.
We met up in Sydney, Australia for our first date.
And it was just a really cool experience, because we got to spend time together.
But like my dad was there, my friend was there.
They got to take care of me.
And yeah, it was just a great experience.
And fish and chips on the beach, not a bad first date.
a year later, September of 2020, everybody's favorite year.
We got married, and we have lived happily ever after for five years, and it's been incredible.
Amen.
Yeah, you can go.
If I may, our dad too, that we were talking with someone about this earlier,
speaking of the hospitality of need because of my needs.
Now that we're married and KV is part of caregiving with me, our attachment and I think it's benefited our marriage.
It's grown us deeper, faster, in some really wonderful ways, so we're both thankful for it.
Amen, man.
Well, in light of that, Tyler said you wrote a book called The Hospitality of Need, and I can testify to who you are and how I've seen your friends care for you and you care for them, and the beautiful love between you and your bride.
So we'd love for you to unpack some of that book for us and invite us into a new way of living.
Thanks, man.
Yeah.
Do you mind pulling my arm up before you go?
Sure.
I got you.
There we go.
Thanks.
Cool.
Yeah, I wanted to take some pieces of the book and just share some thoughts with you about the Kingdom of Heaven, if that's all right.
Jesus said in Mark 10, 45, the Son of Man came not to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many.
And he lived out this truth even as he asked the Samaritan for a drink of water and allowed a woman to wash his feet.
In these and many other human needs, for he was full of God and fully man, he stooped himself well to serve, to ransom those who were on the surface serving him.
Perhaps we should ask ourselves then what we are doing with our needs.
Does looking out for number one ever get old to you?
Our culture screams at us that this is what life is all about.
But do you ever wonder if there might be something more?
In a second letter to the Corinthians, Paul talks about our interactions with each other.
And more than once, he says that we should be servants to each other and that everything we do should be for the sake of others.
He's echoing what Jesus replied when James and John, who really, their mom, was vying for a seat beside Jesus in heaven.
Paul gives us the big picture when he says, on the day of our Lord Jesus, you will boast of us as we will boast of you.
Meaning that in the kingdom of heaven, we're going to be praising Jesus, and if we talk about anything else at all, it won't be ourselves.
You will be writing about me, and I'll be going on and on about you.
And even that will all be in the context of praising our Creator.
The Bible is chock-full of this message that we should serve one another, putting others before ourselves, and laying our lives down for each other.
Paul writes in Philippians 2, in humility, count others more significantly than yourselves.
let each of you look not only to your own interest, but also to the interest of others.
Have this mind among yourselves, which is yours in Christ Jesus.
And then later he goes on to say, do all things without grumbling or disputing that you may be blameless and innocent children of God without blemish in the midst of a crooked and twisted generation.
What I can't find in there
as a caveat that I don't need to serve in the case where my need is greater or more obvious or more time-sensitive than that of my neighbor.
So, what are we supposed to do?
How do we serve one another despite our own needs?
Perhaps it's not a matter of God using us to serve others despite our needs, but actually through them.
Paul suggests this when he gives us a glimpse into his own need, and God's response to his desire to not have it.
He says in 2 Corinthians 12 that the Lord told him, my power is made perfect in weakness, to which he concludes, I will boast all the more gladly of my weaknesses.
It seems that it's all about our posture, our perspective,
our perch.
I'm reminded of Luke 18 when Jesus was playing with some kids, and his disciples didn't get it or like it.
They scolded the children and their parents for bothering Jesus, and he retorted, let the little children come to me and do not hinder them, for to such belongs the kingdom of God.
Truly, I say to you, whoever does not receive the kingdom of God like a child,
shall not enter it.
But Luke's account actually gives a little extra note that we should be careful not to gloss over.
Because at the beginning, Luke actually says, now, they were bringing even infants to him.
This stops me from my tracks because I actually have a lot of infant-like qualities in the scope of my own personal needs.
I am an adult.
I'm married, I pay taxes, I could do math in my head, buy airplane tickets, I can read GK Chesterton and understand most of it.
But I have this disease.
It's called spinal muscular atrophy, which means I rely fully on this wheelchair and the care of others.
I need help using the restroom, showering, getting dressed, preparing food, sometimes eating that food,
opening doors, blowing my nose, scratching my head run at itches, getting my arm up here to scroll this iPad.
And if I'm not in my wheelchair, I can't move or hold myself upright.
I may be 39 years old, but my autonomy is about as extensive as that of a newborn baby.
Usually when I read this scene in Luke 18,
I imagine a bunch of wiry kids, around eight or nine years old, barefoot, with their behind their ears.
A whole bunch of them come running and dogpiled themselves under Jesus.
He laughs, wrestles with them, plays tag, tells them stories on his knee.
And I don't doubt that this happened too.
But Luke's account is specifically, it seems, about newborn babies.
And newborn babies can't do much at all.
So often our analogy is that we should come to Jesus like kids come up to their parents, trusting them to provide wisdom, safety, comfort, care, nourishment.
And there is truth to this.
But we're still talking about a child walking up, tugging on his dad's pants leg, looking up, and asking for these things.
Whether we realize it or not, we tend to assume a bit more workspace-faith than our walk with the Lord than we might realize or care to admit.
What about when we can't walk up to our dad?
What about when we are at the end of our strength and can't even reach out to touch the hem of Jesus' garment?
What about when our shame let us look up into his eyes and ask?
As someone with a disabled body and an equally disabled soul, I am in desperate need of a rescuer coming to get me, more so than a home plate to run to.
I was once an intern at a prison ministry in Arkansas.
God did some amazing things in my life and the lives of the inmates around me that summer.
But my last week there, it started to rain.
And I don't mean figuratively.
I mean we had a good old-fashioned southern summer storm.
The kind that's so massive and relentless that you begin to wonder if this is just how it is from now on.
Gray, as far as you can see, and rain until Jesus comes back.
But I had a job to do.
So I showed up at the prison gates.
Going from building to building
I readied myself like Benny, the Jack Rodriguez, cracking my knuckles, stealing myself for the run of my life through what seemed like a waterfall.
My wheelchair cut like a knife through puddle six inches deep.
Familiar faces threw up in the doors to our building as I coasted inside, sliding to a stop on the concrete floor.
I was instantly surrounded by a congregation of white jumpsuits.
Inmates I had worked with all summer, came around me with piles of fresh cows to dry off my body, clothes, and wheelchair.
Men convicted of assault, gently dried my hair and face, and bent down to warm up my legs.
Former drug dealers stopped up the pools on my armrest and seat.
They learned me a white jumpsuit while my clothes were drying, and we joked that the guards wouldn't let me out at the end of the day.
They did.
What's more, my motors on my chair turned out to be waterlogged.
My chair was rendered useless and not meant that in many ways, so was I.
For the next four days, while at work, I was fully dependent on society's outcast.
I never thought I would have to mediate arguments between inmates
over who would be next in line to push my 400 pound wheelchair.
If I didn't feel helpless enough already though, with a body that didn't work, this was a whole new level that I wasn't thrilled about.
But this is where God rolled up his sleeves and started having some fun, calling us to himself not in spite of my shortcomings, but actually through them.
My friends and I had gotten to know each other over the summer, praying and studying the scriptures together, telling jokes, talking about life.
We had delved deeply into heart matters and reconstructed our ways of thinking.
Most of what we worked on was preparation or theory, in a way.
How will I love my wife when I get out of prison?
How will I nurture my kids?
How will I commit to my job and work hard?
In prison, we could work on submitting to authority and logging our neighbor to an extent, but even those things looked different in that culture than they were on the outside.
But we did a lot of talking together, a lot of work and a lot of play, and then this meag arose, my meag, this new one that made infants look like Jason Bourne.
All that internal work we had been doing suddenly turned outward, allowing hands and feet the opportunity to act upon what hearts had been learning all along.
Our theory of how the love one another took on flesh and became a reality for us to grow in and flourish.
And we found ourselves in the midst of the kingdom of heaven.
A group of guys lowered their crippled friend through a roof to get to Jesus, and Jesus commended their faith.
He saddled up next to a lame beggar by a pool and offered uncomfortably to heal him.
And as he cradled a newborn baby and his carpenter arms, he essentially said to his disciples, if you don't approach the kingdom like this, you won't get in.
I find comfort in this.
that he calls us to come as helpless as a newborn baby, not even big enough for strong enough to crawl.
Carried to him or found by him, our total dead weight held in his arms because we can't help at all.
Maybe that's exactly where he wants us.
One of my favorite authors is a guy named S.D.
Smith.
And if you have kids in middle school, they would love his books.
But there's a recurring theme that I really love in several of his books.
It's a question that he poses through a teacher to a student.
They'll be training the student in the last, what do you have on hand to use as a weapon?
Typically, the student will list off his sword, maybe his fist or his feet.
Then the teacher will shake his head and list off 10 other things around him that he could have used.
That branch, that bike pedal, his shoe, his opponent's size or momentum.
So let's ask ourselves what we have on hand to help others in need.
When asking this, most of us will list money or strength or some specific skill to offer.
And if we don't have those, we ride ourselves off as useless or in greater need than the other.
I promise I'm not shaking my head at you, but I do challenge you to look again because maybe, just maybe, you'll find something that you should have listed among our assets in the first place.
Namely, your own weaknesses and needs
And what we will find when we lean into this hospitality that need offers is that it is an antidote for isolation, self-centeredness, and impotent Christianity.
As my friend Jed Medifen put it when breaking down the antidote for all these three illnesses, the hospitality of need, being an antidote for isolation,
We ache to belong, but do not understand that belonging is woven, especially with countless threads of mutual responsibility and sacrifice.
Caring for others' needs and sharing our own nits us together as nothing else can.
It draws us out from the lonely dens where we peer at the world and others through screens.
caregiving demands face to face, hand to hand, touch and sweat and sometimes blood.
It wakes us from our device fed stupor and puts an end to our tragic seclusion.
The hospitality of need being an antidote for self-centeredness, the dance of giving and receiving takes us in precisely the opposite direction of selfishness and its pitfalls.
It reorients not only our outward actions, but also critically our thought life too.
Any mindset, counselor, or therapy that turns our attention mainly to ourselves will yield only anxiety and unhappiness in the long run.
Slowly and lifting our eyes beyond ourselves to God and to others are we freed from the terrible burden of self-focus.
In Christ, we trade it for the light yoke of self-forgetfulness.
In the hospitality of need as an antidote for shallow and potent Christianity, whenever we followed Jesus into one another's need, joining him there in the dance of mutual care, we never emerged the same.
We are formed anew, especially by small choices, frequently repeated
steadily growing more like Jesus.
And we experience this hospitality, this antidote by going to the source in prayer and obedience to God.
We must ask Him to help us see our own needs more clearly and invite others into them and to see and respond to others' needs more fully too.
And once we've since God pointing us toward an action,
We must give no place for delay.
God designed us to rely on him and not just on him but on one another as a means of pointing each other and the world to him.
Need is one of the instruments God has given us on which to play our testimony of who he is and what he has done.
This is the case whether we are stepping into someone else's need
or inviting someone into our own.
In Galatians 6-2, Paul tells us to bear one another's burdens and so fulfill the law of Christ.
We live in a culture obsessed with self-advocacy and self-care, but those routes are desolate and will leave us empty and alone.
I think that picture that Paul paints back in 2nd Corinthians is pretty amazing.
As believers, a day will come for us when our selfishness will melt away in the presence of Jesus.
And our focus will be solely on him and everyone else.
And the things of earth will grow strangely dim, including maybe especially ourselves.
We won't be weighed down anymore by the worries of our own
preservation or accolades.
We will never again be scared, proud, jealous, annoyed, lustful, or greedy.
The last of us will be first, and the first will be last.
And we will weep with laughter to see who exactly that ends up being.
He drives this point home in Colossians 1 when he says to the church,
We always thank God the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ when we pray for you, since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus and of the love you have for all the saints because of the hope played up for you in heaven.
And can I tell you something odd?
I don't think we'll miss being selfish at all.
I don't even think it will be a word or a memory to us in that marvelous city
And if some greasy peddler could sneak in and whisper it into our ears, we would swat him away like an ant.
That's what Jesus' presence does.
It turns our priorities on their heads.
He makes us whole so that there is nothing left to advocate for ourselves.
And in that wholeness, we are set free to turn our full attention on him and on others.
And can I tell you one more odd thing?
This is the life he has called us to, not just on streets of gold far off in the future, but here and now.
It will be made perfect in the end because sin will be out of the way, but we still have the Holy Spirit now, and Jesus said he's with us too.
So let us live in the wholeness of his presence, behold his glory,
and put others before ourselves.
This is where we will find satisfaction, rest, and peace together.
I want to give you just a little bit more of a picture of how that plays out between us
and then maybe a quick encouragement.
You know, Kevin, his sister Connie has SMA also, and she started attending our fellowship back in Fort Wayne, and we really got invited in to need through our relationship with her, and it became one of the more precious relationships, but Kevin would come and visit here and there, and as he visited, we sparked a relationship, and as we sparked that relationship,
Things kind of became more and more beautiful.
Oftentimes, Kevin, who would be in this apartment or this house with these other guys, would be found walking, riding, rolling down the street of our downtown, finding the next new coffee shop they could sit in, talk to someone, listen to their story.
And he really became this constant presence in places that needed presence.
That makes any sense.
He would leave his signature drawn by another friend.
It might be Batman who bought that coffee drink or Superman or Spiderman, leaving his imprint wherever he went.
It was gorgeous.
Then we moved to Maine to plant churches and be a part of the city there and then moved back.
My wife was just like, hey, can we get a spot that's a little bit out of the fray so that you're not running into the fire all the time?
I said, well, I'm not super comfortable with that, but we can try.
And so we find this house in the suburbs.
And then Kevin and I start hanging out again.
And one day he said, hey, man, would you come over and get me ready for the day?
And like I said yesterday, it was absolutely your friend, your brother, and I'm your neighbor.
And Jesus has invited me to love you, just like you're going to love me.
Now I had no idea what that would turn into.
But what was crazy was where we bought our house was probably a 90 second drive, a four minute walk from his house, him and Katie's house.
And so I'd get in my big truck.
If you've ever seen the big truck, it's too big for me.
And it came that way.
I did not supercharge that sucker to look like something, but many people make jokes about it.
I jump in, jump out, and we call that a day.
And so I would drive around the corner up the driveway where the door would be cracked.
The welcome was already set before I pulled in the driveway, knowing that I was going to a place where I belonged.
And so I'd walk through that front door, drop my keys, kick off my shoes, knowing that there'd be a coffee with some special sauce that I would get to add to it made by Katie.
Then I would turn to the left past the piano
to another door that was cracked, where she would be sitting there normally with the Bible, another book, in her lap, and then Kevin just waking up from his slumber, normally growling, as I said, what it is.
And he was angry, what it is.
And I'd walk in there, and we spend about 20, 30 minutes breaking down life for one another.
And what I want to do, just for a few minutes, is invite you to see a picture of what he just
spoke about.
So as I walked in there, there were several things I'd have to do to get to him ready for the day.
But one part was to get him to the bathroom.
And as I would get him to the bathroom, what would be interesting for me is I went to serve Kevin's needs.
My whole goal that morning, every morning of every week, or that morning of every week was to simply serve him.
But as I got him ready for the bathroom and sat on the edge of their bed, he began to ask me questions about myself.
How are you doing, man?
What's going on with you?
How's your wife?
How are your kids?
How's leadership?
How's your heart?
And what I started watching was this invitation to serve as need began to be
an invitation for him to serve my needs just like he spoke about.
And eventually this invitation to serve his need was twisted for him to serve my need.
Before long, simply all we were doing was sharing our need, our wholeness and friendship and brotherhood and kinship and what kind of melted away was the reason that I was there and the reason that was he was there was simply for each other.
And for three and a half years, that was our morning rhythm.
And randomly, he would give me a call or a text and say, hey, bro, could you get over here right now?
I need to serve Katie.
I need you to get over here.
And I would peel over around the corner and get to do that.
It wasn't about me.
It was about the invitation of kinship or brotherhood, where we depended on one another, related to one another, and gave our lives away for one another.
And like I said before, the greatest miss.
I miss my kids.
I miss my grandkids.
Those are all rhythms that I long for and desire regularly.
But the one that pierced my heart and molded me most was walking into Kevin's need and his walking into mind.
And so I just wanna quickly give you a few thoughts of what I think could happen if we enter into each other's needs.
In John 13, 34 through 35 is a new command that Jesus gives us.
He says, you know, as the Father's love me, I've loved you.
If you would love one another,
All people will know you're my disciples.
Buy your love for one another.
About five years ago, another man said to me, it's reciprocal love.
It's giving and receiving.
And most relationships, we only have one valve on.
We either give or we receive.
But what if the body was built off of people who give and receive in the midst of need and through our need back and forth to one another, just like the Father, the Son, and the Spirit?
His promise is this, that if you would do like the Father and me and the Spirit, if you would live in this dance with this love, that all people would know you're my apprentices.
The whole world would know you're my people.
He carries that thought on at the end of this upper room discourse in John 17, 21, and 24.
He said, man, if you would be one, like the Father, the Son, and the Spirit, if you would be one,
people would believe that I was sent by the Father.
It's the gospel.
Not only that we're his apprentices or his followers or his disciples, but that Jesus actually came as a man, lived a real life, walked to the cross with joy before him, was buried in a grave, resurrected on the third day, ascended to the right hand of majesty, that that would be believed by our reciprocal love for one another.
And lastly, he would carry on in verse 24 and say this.
If you would be one as we are one, they would believe that the Father loves the world.
I just want you to think about that for a minute.
Because what Kevin has displayed and invited me into and now is inviting us into has this incredible promise tied to it.
that if we had come in our weakness and in our need and give and receive love back and forth through such need, that the world would know that we're His people.
That Jesus actually came and did what He said He would do.
And that the Father actually loves the world.
And why I say all that is because I sat in a room with a buddy for a handful of years,
And what I thought I was going for wasn't what I was actually going for.
I was actually learning how to do community life in kinship with someone in a way that I had never learned before.
And so I don't know what the spirit might say to you tonight, but I can tell you that this brother has taught me and informed me in a new way of walking with Jesus.
And my prayer is for him and I and all of us here that we'd walk that way all the way home.
And so before Tyler and Bethany come back on up here,
I would love for him to bless us and pray over us.
And maybe give any last final thoughts that you might have.
You good?
Yeah.
Father, I pray for this community, pray for these friends, this family.
Lord, as they step into
what you have called them to be.
That you will give them boldness, that you will give them humility, and you will give them joy.
Yeah, so you blessed them in that.
And now, to him, my crew is able to keep you from stumbling and to present you blameless before the presence of his glory with great joy.
So the only God our Savior through Jesus Christ, our Lord, be glory and majesty, dominion and authority before all time and now and forever may he bless you and keep you and make his face to shine upon you and be gracious to you.
May he turn his face toward you and give you a peace that passes understanding.
Amen.
Thank you.